**Rental Bike Sharing Data Analysis**

Bike sharing systems are a new generation of traditional bike rentals where the whole process
from membership, rental and return back has become automatic. Through these systems, users
are able to easily rent a bike from a particular position and return back at another position.
Currently, there are about over 500 bike-sharing programs around the world which is composed
of over 500 thousand bicycles. Today, there exists great interest in these systems due to their
important role in traffic, environmental and health issues.
Apart from interesting real world applications of bike sharing systems, the characteristics of data
being generated by these systems make them attractive for research. Opposed to other
transport services such as bus or subway, the duration of travel, departure and arrival position is
explicitly recorded in these systems. This feature turns the bike sharing system into a virtual
sensor network that can be used for sensing mobility in the city. Hence, it is expected that most
of the important events in the city could be detected via monitoring these data.

Dataset: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/imakash3011/rental-bike-sharing?select=hour.csv

**Objectives**
Objectives for hypothesis testing are as follows:
1. Is there an increase in the number of bikes rented on holidays?
2. Is there a significant difference in the number of bike rentals due to seasons?
3. Is there a significant difference in the number of bike rentals according to months?
4. Is there an increase in the number of bike rentals in the year 2012?
5. Is there an association between temperature and bike rentals?
6. Is there an association between hours and bike rentals?
